Update developer experience (#48)
jtpio/jupyterlite: .github/pull_request_template.md

> <!--
> Thanks for contributing to JupyterLab!
> Please fill out the following items to submit a pull request.
> See the contributing guidelines for more information:
> https://github.com/jupyterlab/jupyterlab/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md
> -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--
Thanks for contributing to JupyterLite!
Please fill out the following items to submit a pull request.
See the contributing guidelines for more information:
https://github.com/jtpio/jupyterlite/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md
-->
```

## References

<!-- Note issue numbers this pull request addresses (should be at least one, see contributing guidelines above). -->

<!-- Note any other pull requests that address this issue and how this pull request is different. -->

## Code changes

<!-- Describe the code changes and how they address the issue. -->

## User-facing changes

<!-- Describe any visual or user interaction changes and how they address the issue. -->

<!-- For visual changes, include before and after screenshots here. -->

## Backwards-incompatible changes

> <!-- Describe any backwards-incompatible changes to JupyterLab public APIs. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Describe any backwards-incompatible changes to JupyterLite public APIs. -->
```
